[♪ acoustic guitar playing]
[tab clicks]
[♪ "Yahoos and Triangles"
by The Refreshments playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪
[♪ theme song concludes]
- [♪ gentle guitar music playing]
- [birds chirping]
[coffee trickling]
[Peggy yawning]
[Hank blowing]
Ugh. Gotdangit.
- Peggy!
- What is it?
- Look.
- Oh. Hank.
No one is gonna judge your lawn
for uneven edging.
Our lawn will always have perfect edges.
You remember my wedding vows.
I'm talkin' about the eyesore
that's been parked out front
since last night.
And?
It is not against the law to park here.
This is bigger than the law. Peggy.
It's about common decency.
You don't think you're being
just a tad ridiculous?
No. it's blocking the number on the curb.
When you're chokin' on a grape
and the paramedics can't find our house.
then we can talk about
who's being ridiculous.
Hank. come on.
What is really bothering you?
I don't want anyone
to think that's my truck.
It's... electric.
Oh. Hank. no reasonable person
is going to think you
bought an electric vehicle.
[doorbell ringing]
Please. tell me you didn't buy
an electric truck.
I said "reasonable."
It's not my truck. Bill.
It's some inconsiderate interloper's.
Ah. man. them times have been
dang ol' changin'. man.
Little bit talkin' about Bob Dylan
goin' electric. but-- but worse. man.
- [sighs] It's not my--
- Well. well. well.
Is this Rainey Street or Electric Avenue?
Are you going to take it higher. Hank?
Are you going to take it higher?
- [groaning]
- Stop getting him riled up. Dale.
It is not our truck.
and I was just telling Hank
no one will assume it is.
Nice truck. Mr. Hill!
Damn you. Luke Junior!
- [♪ upbeat music playing]
- [food sizzling]
- [chit printer rustling]
- [bell dinging]
[pan sizzling]
- Gomashio?
- On your right.
- Caraway?
- On your left.
- Ready for sauce. but just a--
- Drizzle.
- I got you. Bobby.
- I know you do.
I was thinkin' maybe after this.
if you've got things covered.
I could make a...
[whispers] special delivery.
Get outta here.
Go see your girl.
Are you sure?
Because I could stay.
You shouldn't work so much.
When I was your age.
I was sneaking outta my job
all the time to see my girlfriend.
And then. I was sneaking outta her house
to see my other girlfriend.
And then. they both found out.
so I was sneaking everywhere.
[♪ gentle guitar music playing]
[students chattering]
- Hello?
- [Connie giggles]
I thought you were "up to your ears
in Shishito Schnitzel."
I am. but I knew you
had to study all week.
and I needed my Connie fix.
[♪ "I Think We're Alone Now"
by Tiffany playing]
- You don't understand.
- [audience laughing]
[Bobby laughing]
He's right. we don't understand!
♪ Alone now ♪
♪ There doesn't seem
to be anyone around ♪
- ♪ I think we're alone now ♪
- [beeping and whirring]
[flame whooshing]
[sugar crackling]
♪ I think we're alone now ♪
♪ There doesn't seem
to be anyone around ♪
[camera clicking]
Okay. that's it.
This would be a crime to not share
how hot we are with the world.
Are you sure you wanna do
a hard launch?
Yes.
What's a hard launch?
Okay. so a soft launch
is posting a picture
of two wine glasses
and saying. "Date night
with someone special" or whatever.
Ooh. I'm intrigued.
Who's this other person?
Exactly.
But a hard launch
means you just put your relationship
out there.
Everybody's gonna have an opinion.
Even exes.
You have nothing to worry about.
Rihanna's got a family now.
- She has moved on from me.
- [Connie laughs]
I just don't want things
to be weird with you and Chane.
Oh. right.
Do you think he'll really care?
He punched one of his frat brothers
for drinking from his water bottle.
Okay. soft launch. it is.
[♪ gentle guitar music playing]
[camera clicking]
[chiming]
- [♪ gentle guitar music playing]
- [Dale puffing]
It still has dealer plates.
Probably some billionaire from California
trying to escape
their oppressive state taxes.
Or maybe it's an attractive woman
in those lady yoga pants.
I think I love her.
Let's see if they left any clues
that might be useful.
- [♪ suspenseful music playing]
- Approach at your own risk.
Lithium rays from EV batteries
cause sterilization.
and who knows when Nancy's gonna
wanna give Joseph a sibling.
- [car dash beeping]
- [Bill shrieks]
Why does it have an eye. Hank?
What does it see?
Everything!
Ah. it's just some anti-theft thing.
We musta triggered it
by gettin' too close.
Balloon!
That's a clue.
Maybe they just had a baby girl.
If they believe in gender.
Water. See?
Knew it was a woman!
[Hank Hill] A back pillow.
Huh. probably sore
from duckin' into
one of their safe spaces.
[Bill Dauterive] Tote bag.
Tote bag. Ooh!
Maybe she was gonna go get vegetables
at the farmer's market
on the way home from work.
because she's a busy
professional single mom.
who gives her sons everything.
except the one thing she can't--
a male influence.
Keep it in your pants. Bill.
- We don't know it's a woman.
- Dale's right.
We don't even know if it's human.
- Dale's wrong.
- Amateurs.
You will never figure it out this way.
As someone who has read
every mystery novel at the Book Barn.
I know that you need
to approach each case
with evidence-based reason.
Only then will we solve this murder.
Your theory is that the driver
was murdered?
It cannot be ruled out.
Okay. Peggy. we'll take all
of your theories into consideration.
- I won't.
- Well. then. I will figure it out
on my own and leave you
and the Scooby gang alone.
Maybe you'll find out
it's a g-g-g-ghost!
[laughing]
Well. we've stood here long enough.
I think it's time to escalate things.
I say we...
[♪ dramatic music plays]
...leave a note.
- "Dear sir--"
- Can you write.
"If you're an attractive woman.
call Bill." and leave my number?
Actually. you don't have
to say "attractive."
I'm not writing any of that.
but this doesn't seem right either.
"Dear Electric Truck Owner..."
I cannot in good conscience
call that a truck.
You boys still haven't figured it out yet.
Ruh-roh!
Peggy. please.
You haven't either.
No. but I will.
I have been narrowing
down the possibilities
by using a deduction chart.
Everything you do is homework.
Thank you.
Well. at least you're not tryin'
to prove it's a murder anymore.
I have crossed out that theory.
My deduction chart tells me
it might just be manslaughter.
Manslaughter most foul.
You're sure you want to address
a potential criminal as "Dear"?
Let's just start over.
♪
Okay. I think we cracked it.
[clearing throat]
"To electric vehicle owner.
"please move your vehicle.
From. Hank Hill."
I still think we should sign it. "Love."
Man. you talkin' 'bout
a dang ol'-- just sad. man.
[insects chirping]
[ominous humming]
[♪ country guitar music playing]
Where's Bobby?
Doesn't he. like. live here?
Delivery. He'll be back soon.
Finally.
You know how long I've been waiting?
You gotta tell me.
Who's this fat-fingered [bleep]
Connie's soft launching?
Huh?
Connie's dating someone?
You didn't know?
Aren't you guys friends?
Sure. but we don't talk about
who she's dating.
or their fingers and stuff.
We talk about platonic things
like politics and horses.
[♪ suspicious music playing]
Lemme see your hands.
[♪ suspicious music continues]
- I'm dating Connie.
- [both] What?!
I'm sorry. man.
I know she was your girl.
but I'm crazy about her.
Tell me one thing about her.
She's... Asian.
- What kind of Asian?
- My favorite kind?
Yeah. you're fired.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Emilio isn't dating Connie.
I am.
Emilio was just covering for me
because he's got my back.
That's why I can actually leave
the restaurant every once in a while.
At least now you're being honest.
So. no hard feelings?
No hard feelings.
But you're still fired.
- Why?
- What?!
For covering for Bobby.
It's called Robata Chane.
not Robata Liars.
Oh. no!
Guess you won't be able to sneak off
to see Connie
for your dirty little nooners.
She has class at noon.
[groaning]
♪
You can't fire Emilio.
I know you're pissed at me.
but you and Connie broke up.
Why do you even care?
I don't. obviously.
Losing him is just good for business.
Do you think Kylie Jenner
cares about any of her Emilios?
What am I supposed to do now?
We've got customers coming.
Please.
I can go to the border. throw a rock.
and hit two Emilios
who we can pay way less.
I learned that in business school.
They have a class
on throwing rocks at Mexicans?
I'm so sorry.
You're the Goose to my Maverick.
and I was sayin' that
before they rebooted the franchise.
Still haven't seen it.
But now. I guess I have time.
I'll get Chane to hire you back.
Please. don't take another job.
Okay. but I can't go that long
without working.
Last time. I got really into ceramics
and day drinking.
- Bwah!
- There's a new note. Hank.
"Dear Mr. Hill.
the streets belong to all of us.
"Let's find a way to coexist.
Namaste."
Her name is Namaste.
No. that's not... [sighs]
I-It's a yoga word.
As we suspected!
A commie
who dabbles in the dark arts.
Well. I'd like to give them a talking to.
but I gotta find 'em first.
Wait a minute.
They're gonna have to move it by 6 a.m.
or risk getting towed.
And when they do. we'll be here
on a good old-fashioned stakeout.
- Ooh! Yay!
- Woo-hoo!
- A stakeout.
- Yeah. man. 'lil stakeout time.
I'll bring the beef jerky
and night vision goggles!
Okay. guys. well.
let's reconvene and. uh...
Well. we're already standing here.
Stakeout starts now.
♪
Ugh.
Do you have any restaurant skills?
No. but I was a prison guard
in Venezuela.
so I've served many last meals.
Murderers love pizza.
- I like pizza.
- Watch out for this guy. eh?
- [groaning]
- [laughs] Well. good luck.
You can't leave me with all this.
Oh. shit!
I hope you and Connie didn't have plans.
[food sizzling. plates clattering]
- Gomashio?
- No. Marcelo.
Hey. Bobby. I cooked the fish.
- That was sashimi!
- Smells good. right?
[groaning]
You cooked all of it?
It's supposed to be served raw.
Uh-oh.
I'll take out the trash.
[♪ somber guitar music playing]
- [both] Mwah.
- I only have 20 minutes
before I have to meet my lab partner.
but I miss your face so much.
I know what that's like.
You're talking about Emilio. aren't you?
[sighs] Yeah.
And you!
But Chane won't hire him back.
Chane is only scared of two things.
the Babadook and his father.
I bet Ted would like to hear
about how his son
is tanking his investment.
Chane will hate me if I call his dad.
Do you want Emilio back or not?
- [glass shattering]
- [cooks screaming]
- Yeah. I'm gonna call Ted.
- [smoke alarm beeping]
[♪ banjo playing]
Can you play Dust in the Wind next?
Well. he only has two hands
and that song has two guitar parts.
I'll go get my strings.
And can you bring some tissues too?
- That song always makes me cry.
- Dang ol' empties. man.
Talkin' 'bout a-- just like
a salt and savory man.
Alamo like a dang ol'
palate cleanser. man.
I may have drunk most of those.
It's been ages since I had an excuse
to take a whiz outside.
Wind in my hair. the moonlight
on my tallywacker.
- Watch the truck.
- On it!
- [♪ ominous music plays]
- [crickets chirping]
- [♪ somber guitar music playing]
- Just... me...
[Bill whimpering]
[Bill snoring]
It just may be time
to admit defeat. Peggy Hill.
- [Dale shouting]
- Idiot.
[snoring] Oh! Oh. no.
- Oh. thank God.
- [crickets chirping]
- [truck beeping]
- [Bill gasps]
- [electric truck humming]
- [exclaiming] Hank!
[muffled] Dale! Boomhauer!
The truck dematerialized!
No. it's just over there now.
What happened?
Who moved it?
- It moved... itself.
- It what?!
I know how that sounds.
but that's what I saw.
Dang it. Bill.
you must have fallen asleep.
What if that was our last chance
to catch this degenerate?
I'm sorry. fellas.
I failed you all.
Unless I'm still asleep.
- [hand smacking]
- Ow! No. I'm awake.
♪
Sir. your son fired our best employee.
Yeah?
Well. I should have fired you!
Dad?
[lowers voice]
Fire Bobby.
If you're gonna fire anybody.
fire Chane.
All he does is bring his frat bros in
- for free sake bombs.
- [Ted sighing]
All you do is sneak out
to deliver snacks to my sloppy seconds.
- Oh. we're going there?
- I'm already there!
Well. I'm gonna go there. too.
Come on. let's do this!
Enough. enough!
I'm not a marriage counselor.
Chane. you begged me
to buy into this restaurant.
and I thought. "Well. at least
he doesn't wanna be
a professional snowboarder anymore."
But the best way to learn any business
is from the ground up.
I started in the mail room.
Whoa. Dad.
You were poor?
I thought it was helping you.
but it's turned you into... this.
- Rude.
- But true.
You can't let this business fail.
That's why you're going to take
Emilio's place in the kitchen.
- Me?
- Him?!
You sure you don't wanna be
a professional snowboarder?
It is not too late.
- [♪ upbeat percussion music playing]
- [knife thudding]
- [stove top sizzling]
- [liquid bubbling]
[metal lid clanking]
[bell dinging]
Table five is threatening to leave
unless they get their miso-wursts!
They're coming!
It's all coming.
I had an egg right here.
Where'd it go?
Nobody took your egg. Bobby.
Get over it.
Like how I got over missing
Naval Battle Night at my frat tonight.
They flooded the entire basement.
Sounds cool.
Your next party theme can be toxic mold.
And you think I wanna be here?
I'm supposed to be at the movies
with my girlfriend.
Make it make sense why she's with you.
You have no muscle definition.
Your car sucks.
I'm talking. like. zero muscle definition.
Did you ever think that maybe
I'm just a better boyfriend?
[bleep] no. Hey!
- Don't walk away from me!
- I'm not.
I'm getting eggs!
[door thudding]
There's no way
you're a better boyfriend than me.
You were seeing multiple women.
- Jealous?
- No.
All you cared about was sex.
At first. yeah. because she was hot.
But sometimes after sex
we'd. like. talk and stuff.
and it was just as good.
It was like she made my heart
bust a nut.
Really?
You caught feelin's?
No!
- [♪ gentle guitar music playing]
- Maybe.
Dude. it's okay to say you did.
You don't get it.
After we broke up.
I kinda went ham
and asked her to marry me.
Wait. what?
You proposed?
- Like down on one knee?
- Stop making a big deal out of it.
It is a huge deal!
It doesn't matter.
It was a dumb simp move.
She said she never wants to get married.
What? Did she say why?
I didn't ask.
I mean. who rejects these abs?
Maybe she's not into abs.
Yeah. that's pretty clear now.
I'm sorry. Chane.
I should have let you know
before me and Connie soft launched.
Thank you!
Who knew you were such a hand detective?
Whatever. I don't even care.
Good luck in your dead-end relationship.
- [doorknob rattling]
- What the hell? It's locked.
It does that.
I usually prop it.
but somebody was distracting me.
[doors rattling]
[Bobby grunting]
Dammit. we're gonna be
locked down here forever.
I don't wanna have to eat you. Bobby.
We're literally surrounded
by months' worth of food.
- I don't know what this stuff is!
- Idiot.
Does anyone have a key?
Yeah. but you're not gonna like it.
[key jingling]
[Bobby Hill] Emilio!
My sweet. sweet man!
- Thank you for comin' so fast.
- We need you back. man.
You can start right after you let us out.
- Really?
- Yeah. Working here sucks.
- You can have it.
- [Bobby exclaiming]
I don't know.
I'd love to come back.
but I'm fielding a lot of offers
from Michelin Star places.
We'll give you a raise.
- [Emilio] How big?
- Twenty percent?
- Ten percent.
- [Emilio] Twenty-five.
I'm also gonna need a title bump
to Executive Sous Chef.
And on Thursday nights. my Steely Dan
cover band gets to play here.
I hate Steely Dan.
I don't even know what genre it is.
That's the first thing
we've agreed on all night.
Is it jazz?
What is it?
- Whole lotta restaurants in Dallas.
- [Bobby] Fine. fine.
- Just get us outta here!
- [door unlocking]
- [birds chirping]
- [dog barking]
Turns out. Bill was right.
He wasn't seeing things.
This model can be operated remotely.
as long as the driver
is within a 200-foot radius.
Sorcery!
Also. the doors automatically open
when the driver is within three feet.
which I admit is kind of a neat feature.
if your hands
are full carrying tools.
fertilizer. or-- or whatnot.
Electric cars are stupid.
Now. this circle
marks our 200-foot radius.
The culprit is somewhere in this circle
lurking like a coward.
[marker squeaking]
Okay. time for the final reveal.
Now. if one of you
finds him before I do.
don't engage. wait for me.
If it's a woman.
can I compliment her eyes?
If you want to flush out
the owner of this car.
you just need to set off the alarm.
- [♪ suspenseful music playing]
- Now. wait just--
- Peggy. no!
- [truck beeping]
[door whirring]
Dale?
This is your truck?
Actually. it's Nancy's.
And I bet you all wanna know
how I figured that out.
Actually. I'd like to hear Dale
explain why he just let us--
I admit. until a few moments ago.
I was struggling just like you.
But like any great detective.
which I am...
- [phone ringing]
- ...I had a stroke of inspiration.
[Nancy Gribble] [on phone]
Hey. Sug. did you see my new truck?
Yes. it's electric.
and I know what you're thinking.
But the producers of my show
got it for me as a gift.
Isn't that cherry red to die for?
- Hm.
- [♪ mischievous violin music playing]
- Okay. time for the final reveal.
- [marker squeaking]
It all makes perfect sense.
The balloon. just the sort of thing
you would receive if your show.
Selling Arlen. got picked up
for another season.
which brings us to the tote.
Ooh!
[clapping]
And the lumbar cushion?
I remember Nancy telling me
how she threw out her back
after a night with--
Actually. forget about that.
And now. for the smoking gun.
While Dale was pretending to pee...
- [Dale exclaiming]
- ...he actually was moving the car.
You're wrong.
I peed after.
Peggy Hill rests her case.
I was right.
It was a beautiful woman.
Dale. why'd you lie to us?
I knew you'd tease us
for being the kind of Positive Petes
who would own an electric truck.
But why didn't you park it
in front of your own dang house?
That would make us targets
for burglars or hate crimes.
Dammit. Dale.
It was bad enough
when I thought a stranger did this to us.
but now I have to kick your ass.
[gasps] You'll have to catch me first!
- [Dale grunting]
- [truck humming]
Ah!
- [truck chiming. turning off]
- [Dale exclaiming]
Nancy also asked me to charge it.
but I forgot.
Another case cracked by Peggy Hill.
You've only had one case.
100% success rate.
[students chattering]
You're here?!
Oh. but how?
Chane hired Emilio back.
I wish I could say
I Jedi mind-tricked him.
but he just hated doin' real work.
You should have told him
it was good for his core.
Oh. and. uh.
Chane said something interesting.
Sounds impossible. but go on.
Did he really propose to you?
Oh. my God.
He was drunk and kind of spiraling.
[laughing] I don't think
he'd ever been rejected before.
Honestly. it felt kinda good
to pop that bubble for him.
Well. that wasn't the interesting part.
He said you never wanted to get married.
Is that true?
- [♪ gentle guitar music playing]
- Maybe.
Ever since my parents got divorced.
I don't know if I believe in marriage.
It seems like
there's so many things we just do
because that's what our parents did.
Does it bother you?
No. Connie. we've only
been dating three weeks.
I'm not some psycho
who wants to be a child bride.
- Groom.
- [laughing] Groom.
But eventually. maybe down the road.
it'd be nice to know it's an option.
- Ask me again in five years?
- You know I will.
And. hey. now that Chane
knows about us...
- [♪ bright music playing]
- [phone beeping]
So. uh. how's Nancy liking her... truck?
She likes it fine.
John Redcorn installed
a charger at his place.
Fine by me.
Let his electricity bill go up.
I win again! Wingo!
[phone buzzing]
Huh. looks like
Bobby and Connie are official.
Aww.
Talkin' 'bout doin'
a dang ol' hard launch. man.
Wonder why they took so long to tell us.
[Minh Souphanousinphone]
No! Anyone but him!
[Kahn Souphanousinphone]
Damn you. Bobby Hill!
[♪ bluegrass version
of "Yahoos and Triangles" playing]
- ♪ Yee-haw! ♪
- ♪ Wa-hoo! ♪
[♪ song ends]
[birds chirping]
- [golf club thumps]
- [crowd cheering]
♪
[Chane Wassanasong]
It's called Robata Chane.
not Robata Liars.
[♪ fanfare playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org